---			
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

**What Did I Do This Week?**

This week I spent a lot of time not working on classwork.  Much of my time and energy was spent doing several interviews, which took lots of preparation.  On Friday I flew to Phoenix, AZ to interview with American Express.  Earlier this week I interviewed with National Instruments here in Austin and tomorrow I have another one.  With all this time spent running around for an internship, I have not had much time to focus on classwork or this project.  This week I need to give Darwin my full attention so that I can make a good grade on it.  

**What Is In My Way?**

Other than not having enough time to do anything anymore, I would say the biggest roadblock for me is putting in the same effort studying for exams as I did at the start of the semester.  This class is a big priority for me, but in other classes such as Foundations of Marketing I don't really spend the proper amount of time preparing for the exams.  I need to do a better job looking through my schedule each night and properly planning the amount of time I need to be successful.  I don't want to wait until the last minute to complete assignments (which I will admit has been a problem for me sometimes).

**What Will I Do Next Week?**

Next week my number one priority is finishing Darwin.  Other than that I have one midterm and a bunch of chemistry homework.  My first time coming back to class will be on Wednesday so in addition to finishing up work I also need to go through the notes that I missed and make sure I know what is happening in class.  Also, as the semester starts to come to a close, I need to make sure that I am constantly going through old tests, quizzes, and notes to study for the final.  I know right now it seems like it is far away, but honestly it isn't too far off.  If I start reviewing now it will help put what we are doing into context as well as get myself prepared for the final.

**Tip of the Week**

This is just a small thing that grinds my gears, but when people ask a question on Piazza and then resolve their own problem, many times they don't even post how they fixed it.  Many people have the same or similar problems so it is extremely important to post how your resolved the problem so that others don't get stuck on the same issue.
