---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

**What Did I Do This Week?**

This past week my partner Lan and I finished our third project, Allocator.  The actual coding part of the project was not too stressful.  We had a little trouble with getting the deallocate method to be completely correct but overall it wasn't too bad.  Our main issue with this project was us freaking out about our test cases being accepted.  On the public test repo none of the pull requests were being processed by the TA's until after the project was due.  This was kind of annoying because we were not sure if our testcases would be accepted since we would have no time to fix them.  Also, we had to keep the tests commented out of the Travis build as it would fail since the testcases were not accepted.  I hope that in future projects the pull requests get accepted before the deadline.

**What Is In My Way?**

Right now I am focusing on our fourth project with my new partner Niraj.  We are both extremely busy so we need to carve time out of our schedules to meet.  We plan to meet for the first time this Wednesday.  Hopefully then we can make good progress it and not run into much trouble.

**What Will I Do Next Week?**

Next week I am flying out to Phoenix, AZ for an interview with American Express.  I am excited for the chance to work there this summer and I am doing everything I can to prepare for the interview.  I am going to be missing Friday's class so I hope that will not be too impactful on my grade.  I need to do my best to catch up on the class work and stay ahead of the game.

**Tip of the Week**

When I am programming I have to sit in a chair that is sturdy and encourages good posture. I find it much more efficient to sit up while coding as you are more attentive and don't get as distracted.
