---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---

**What did I do this past week?**

This past week I started working on our first project, Collatz.  The projects in this class are much different than previous projects.  In other classes I would just write the code on my own and turn in the file through Canvas.  However now we use all use GitHub, and our code is even graded through it!  I really enjoy the unique way this class is set up.  The tools we learn through this class will have lots of real-world application.

**What's in my way?**

Right off the bat, there were several obstacles in my way before I could actually start programming.  Several tools such as travis, git, makefiles, and docker required lots of setup.  Being relatively new to all of these tools meant that I spent hours just trying to get everything working.  At least I only have to deal with all this overhead on this project, as I should be much more familiar with these tools for later projects. 

**What will I do next week?**

My biggest goal for next week is going to be finishing project 1.  I'm not exactly sure how difficult it will be, but I am confident I will be able to finish it in time.  I also need to start reviewing my lecture notes and readings so that I will be prepared for the first test.

**Tip of the week**

A lot of times just getting exposure to a new language or concept can help you tremendously later in life.  The material you learn from classes is not enough to be competitive for that job or internship.  10 minutes a day of watching programming videos really adds up and can help you learn something new or gain mastery of something you are struggling with.
