---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

What did I do this past week?

The first week of class is always the craziest and yet the easiest week of the year.  Class are just starting so work is light, but it is hard adjusting to new schedules and professors.  The first day of Object Oriented Programming was interesting because Professor Downing likes to get right down to business.  Most professors spend the first day of class just going over logistics but in OOP we got started with some examples in C++.  

What's in my way?

I have to admit, the class was overwhelming at first.  There are many new tools and technologies I have to learn to even get started with the projects, such as Docker. I feel behind compared to the rest of my classmates since I have no experience with that.  On top of that, I have zero experience with C++.  This means that I have to learn the language in addition to the new programming concepts.  

What will I do next week?

Next week, I will be trying to get a jumpstart on learning C++ as knowing that will give me a big advantage in the class.  In addition, I plan to have my development enviornment completely set up so that I start the first project.  I am looking forward to this semester as I have a good first impression of Professor Downing's teaching style. It's easy to be motivated at the beginning of the semester, however only successful students can stay motivated throughout the semester.

Tip of the week

Some old programming books are still relevant today.  I recently stumbled upon "The C Programming Language" by Brian Kernichan and Dennis Ritchie.  Although the book is over 25 years old, it still has some very helpful information and is well written.  I used it to gain a better understanding on how important concepts like pointers are used in C.
