---
layout: post
title: Week Four
---

**What Did I Do This Week?**

This week I started our second programming project, Netflix.  Just like last project, there was a lot of overhead when setting up the project.  This time, however, it was much easier to get going as this is my second time setting this up.  Even though I have not gotten very far in actually programming Netflix, I feel more confident this time around.

**What Is In My Way?**

This week is one of my busiest this semester, so I need to make sure I am on top of all my assignments and projects.  I will have limited time to work on Netflix so I need to be as efficient as possible.  I won't have much time to sleep, unfortunately.

**What Will I Do Next Week?**

The most pressing issue for me is finishing Netflix, however it is probably not my top priority this week.  EXPO is this Tuesday and I need to get prepared for it.  This includes updating my resume and researching the different companies that will be there.

I am enjoying the class so far and I think Professor Downing lectures are extra helpful.  I have already gotten a lot better with C++ and pointers.

**Tip of the Week**

With EXPO coming up, it is important to remember to follow up with all of the recruiters that talk to you.  Not only will this help distinguish yourself from other candidates, but it will also make you look prepared and on top of your game.  The recruiters at EXPO talk to hundreds of people wanting a job or internship, so it is important to make yourself known.
